c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xbf
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.xr.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.exe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.g.i.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xaml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xbf
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.exe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.exe
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.pdb
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xaml
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.exe
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.pdb
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Mathias\Desktop\TURISTAPP\testturistapp\testturistapp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\bin\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.xr.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.exe
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xaml
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.exe
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\TuristappFærdig\testturistapp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.xr.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.exe
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xaml
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.exe
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Daniel\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.xr.xml
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.exe
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.pdb
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xaml
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.exe
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.pdb
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Kasper\Documents\GitHub\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.xr.xml
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.exe
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.pdb
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xaml
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.exe
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.pdb
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Kasper\Desktop\Turistapp4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.xr.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.exe
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\testturistapp.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xaml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\ItemDetailPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.exe
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\testturistapp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\Vores-Turist-App-4\testturistapp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
